{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 HOME
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Header:
\f1\b0 \'a0Arthur: Where Innovation Grows, From the Ground\'a0Up.\

\f0\b Subhead:
\f1\b0 \'a0100 years in the field\'97and we're just getting started.\

\f0\b Intro Paragraph:
\f1\b0 \
Every day,\'a0farmers\'a0across\'a0the Northern Plains\'a0rely on Arthur for more than just\'a0market access and inputs. They count on us for straight answers, honest service, and solutions that work. From local agronomy centers to leading-edge research, Arthur combines the grit of\'a0a century-long legacy\'a0with a vision for what agriculture can be.\

\f0\b Section: For Growers
\f1\b0 \
You know your acres. We know the market. Our team shows up, answers the phone, and\'a0competes to earn your business whether\'a0you\'92re hauling to an Arthur elevator, planning\'a0for next year\'a0with our agronomy\'a0experts, or growing under contract for specialty end-users.\
CTAs \'96\'a0[Grain] [Products & Services\'a0(On the Farm)]\'a0[Cash Bids]\

\f0\b Section: For Partners
\f1\b0 \
Arthur is a growing agribusiness platform trusted by processors, suppliers,\'a0and\'a0our industry-leading peers. Our businesses span grain origination, crop inputs, research, logistics, and specialty ingredients\'97all supported by a culture of integrity and execution.\
CTAs \'96\'a0[Products & Services\'a0(Off the Farm)] [Innovation]\

\f0\b Section: Who We Are
\f1\b0 \
Since 1906, we've built relationships that last. What began as a single elevator in Arthur, ND, has grown into a multi-state\'a0operation supporting thousands of\'a0acres.\
We pioneered fertilizer use in North Dakota, powered our town before the grid reached it, and reinvested earnings into seed genetics, new facilities, and next-generation technology. Today, our fourth-generation family business is still taking the next hill on behalf of the growers and partners who put their trust in us.\
CTAs \'96\'a0[About Us]\

\f0\b Section: What We Stand For
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Integrity:\'a0We do what we say we'll do\'97no excuses.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Service:\'a0We care for the land,\'a0our\'a0communities, and your trust.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Pioneering:\'a0From new genetics to digital tools, we're\'a0on the\'a0leading edge.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Excellence:\'a0We invest in people, platforms, and partnerships for the long haul.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Testimonial or Highlight (Optional):\'a0"Arthur is the kind of company that shows up when it matters.\'a0We count on them every year, and every year they deliver." \'97 Grower, Cass County\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 GRAIN
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Header:\'a0Grain Marketing, Grounded in Trust
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Subhead:
\f1\b0 \'a0At Arthur, we deliver grain marketing services\'a0that\'a0combine local knowledge with market insight. Our facilities are built for speed, our team is built for service, and our approach is built around your success.\

\f0\b Sections:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Cash Bids & Futures:\'a0Access local grain prices and futures through\'a0the Arthur Companies app.\'a0[Link to download Bushel]\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Locations & Hours:\'a0Check local bids, view extended hours,\'a0service announcements, and contact merchandisers.\'a0[Link out to\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.andersonsgrain.com/local-bids/locations-list/location-list/indiana/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 page like this}}]\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Specialty Contracts:\'a0Explore\'a0options to bring specialty crops to market.\'a0[Link out to page featuring Anchor Info, Arthur Merchandisers]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 CTA:\'a0View\'a0Local Bids\'a0\'95 Contact Our Merchandisers\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 PRODUCTS & SERVICES
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Header:
\f1\b0 \'a0Products & Services\

\f0\b Subhead:
\f1\b0 \'a0Arthur delivers the inputs, expertise, and supply chain strength to help growers produce high-quality crops\'97and to help partners source them with confidence.\

\f0\b On the Farm
\f1\b0 \
At Arthur, agronomy isn\'92t a sideline\'97it\'92s a service.\
Our team doesn\'92t just sell what\'92s on the shelf. We scout, we test, and we stand behind our recommendations because we\'92ve put them through the paces\'97on\'a0the\'a0farm, in our own trials, and across the acres we serve. With tools like precision mapping, variable-rate application, and local yield data, we help you make every pass count.\
We don\'92t push programs. We build plans. That means putting your return ahead of our margin and earning trust the old-fashioned way:\'a0handshakes.\
From seed selection to\'a0crop protection\'a0to timing your inputs, we\'92re in your corner\'97backed by a century of experience, a commitment to good science, and a belief that the best agronomy is local.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Agronomy Centers:
\f1\b0 \'a0Strategically located agronomy hubs with deep product inventory and trusted crop advisors.\'a0[Link out to page featuring services -- research & development, soil testing, mapping, scouting]\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Crop Inputs:
\f1\b0 \'a0A full lineup of leading seed, crop protection, and nutrition products. [Link out to page featuring\'a0products\'a0we carry]\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Custom Application & Trucking:
\f1\b0 \'a0Timely, efficient, and precise application of crop nutrients and protection. Trucking that\'92s available when and where you need it. [Link out to page featuring aerial, ground, spreading, trucking services]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Off the Farm
\f1\b0 \
Arthur\'92s work doesn\'92t end at the field\'92s\'a0edge. We invest in businesses that take crops further\'97transforming raw grain into food and pet food ingredients, building traceable supply chains, and supplying wholesale inputs that keep the entire system running.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Premium Ingredients:
\f1\b0 \'a0We supply food and pet food manufacturers with premium grain ingredients, backed by rigorous quality assurance.\'a0[Link out to Anchor Ingredients]\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Pet Food Manufacturing:
\f1\b0 \'a0Arthur operates a\'a0U.S.-based co-manufacturer that produces premium freeze-dried pet food and treats for today\'92s top brands.\'a0[Link out to North Freeze Dry]\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Specialty\'a0Crops:
\f1\b0 \'a0From\'a0flax to barley and sunflowers to canola, Arthur\'a0manages specialty crop contracts to help growers move their commodity and producers source quality product.\'a0[Link out to page on specialty crops]\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Wholesale Fertilizer:
\f1\b0 \'a0Source wholesale bulk fertilizer from\'a0modern facilities\'a0in Carrington and Berthold, North Dakota.\'a0[Link out to\'a0AgResource]\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Trading:
\f1\b0 \'a0Arthurs\'92 unique platform and close relationships with growers and suppliers across the northern tier of the U.S. put us in a position to supply a wide variety of customers.\'a0[Link to page about trading operation]\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Research\'a0& Development:
\f1\b0 \'a0Through Arthur\'92s R&D platform, we conduct replicated trials and field-scale\'a0custom research\'a0to validate performance and\'a0return on investment.\'a0[Link out to\'a0page about Frontier and\'a0Latitude 47]\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 INNOVATION
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Header:
\f1\b0 \'a0Innovation in the Field\

\f0\b Subhead:
\f1\b0 \'a0We believe better tools,\'a0stronger\'a0genetics, and\'a0quality\'a0data\'a0advances the future of agriculture\'97for growers, buyers, and the land.\

\f0\b Venture Platform
\f1\b0 \
Before most businesses had even touched a keyboard, Arthur was backing software that would change the way industries operated. In the early 1990s, we were the sole owner of\'a0Great Plains Software, a company that revolutionized accounting systems for\'a0small and midsize businesses. That venture went public and ultimately became the backbone of what is now\'a0Microsoft Dynamics.\
It wasn\'92t just a good investment\'97it was a signal of how we think: long-term, systems-focused, and unafraid to bet on what\'92s next.\
Today, that mindset continues to guide our innovation platform. We don\'92t chase buzzwords. We back ideas that solve real problems in agriculture, logistics, and financebecause better tools build better businesses, and better businesses support stronger farms.\
[Feature Tiles on each of the current investments \'96\'a0SeedZ,\'a0Levridge,\'a0Balc\'e3o, Ag Startup Engine,\'a0EpiCrop]\

\f0\b Why We Invest Differently
\f1\b0 \
Arthur\'92s venture platform isn\'92t structured around exits or fund cycles. We\'92re a family-owned operating company that invests where we see long-term value\'97not just financial upside. If a tool helps growers farm smarter, or helps ag businesses run cleaner, we get involved. We back companies where our experience, reach, and reputation can move the needle beyond capital alone.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Rooted Perspective:\'a0As operators in the ag value chain, we spot what\'a0actually works\'97not just what sounds good in a pitch deck.\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Long-Term Alignment:\'a0We\'92ve worked with some farm families for four generations. We value patient growth, not manufactured outcomes.\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Built-In Reach:\'a0Our footprint in grain, agronomy, and ingredients means we can help test, scale, and distribute the right ideas at the right time.\
\ls5\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Real-World Insight:\'a0We bring field-tested, boots-on-the-ground experience to help entrepreneurs sharpen, simplify, and scale their solutions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 PITCH US
\f1\b0 \'a0[Link to email]\

\f0\b ABOUT
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Header:
\f1\b0 \'a0Who We Are\

\f0\b Subhead:
\f1\b0 \'a0Arthur is a family-owned agribusiness with over a century of history and a clear focus on the future. Our company is built on relationships, results, and doing things the right way.\
[A look at our history \'96 Link to history page]\

\f0\b The Arthur Advantage
\f1\b0 \
Agriculture needs more than efficiency. It needs options.\
That\'92s what The Arthur Companies\'a0has\'a0offered for over a century: a real alternative. We\'92re not a co-op. We\'92re not a corporate. We\'92re a family-owned, professionally run agribusiness\'a0platform\'a0competing in markets where competition is disappearing.\
As the industry consolidates and decisions drift further from the farm, Arthur stays rooted. We reinvest locally, move quickly, and deliver value from inputs to end-use\'97all without asking growers to give up their independence.\
Our mission is to enable prosperity for\'a0our customers and our\'a0communities. Our model makes that possible\'a0and our values\'a0keep us focused on earning that trust year after year.\

\f0\b OUR PURPOSE
\f1\b0 \
To enable growth and prosperity with our customers and our communities\'a0by providing competitive markets, superior products, and dependable experts that deliver\'a0exceptional service.\

\f0\b OUR VALUES
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b GROWTH
\f1\b0 \
Whether it\'92s our customers\'92 businesses or expanding our service footprint, growth is integral to\'a0who we are and where we\'92re headed. We believe growth is a choice, and seeding growth is at the\'a0core of everything we do. This mindset guides every decision we make.\

\f0\b SERVICE
\f1\b0 \
Consistency where it counts \'97 our foundation was built on our dedication to serving growers, team\'a0members, and our communities. We seek to provide value in every interaction we have with\'a0all of\'a0our stakeholders.\

\f0\b INTEGRITY
\f1\b0 \
Do it the right way every time \'97 it\'92s the best way to gain respect and how we\'92ve been able to\'a0maintain our loyal customer base for over a century. If a job is worth doing, it\'92s worth doing it right\'a0the first time.\

\f0\b TRUST
\f1\b0 \
We do not take trust for granted; our team knows that we must earn trust every single day by\'a0striving for excellence in all we do. We earn trust by consistently doing what we say we will do.\

\f0\b PIONEERING
\f1\b0 \
Trailblazing isn\'92t a culture we created, it\'92s something we inherited and strive for in all aspects of our\'a0business. We are not satisfied with the status quo and are committed to creating new opportunities\'a0and higher levels of service.\

\f0\b HISTORY
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Header:
\f1\b0 \'a0Roots & Reinvention\

\f0\b Subhead:
\f1\b0 \'a0Founded in 1906, Arthur has grown through generations of change. Our history reflects a commitment to innovation, partnership, and resilience.\

\f0\b SEE\'a0ATTACHED\'a0DOCUMENT\'a0// Timeline and Narrative; this will be consolidated, of course.
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b NEWSROOM
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Header:
\f1\b0 \'a0News & Updates\

\f0\b Subhead:
\f1\b0 \'a0See the latest announcements, investments, community news, and more from Arthur.\

\f0\b Modules:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Facility Projects\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Grower Programs\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Community Spotlights\
\ls6\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Press Releases\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 CTA:\'a0Subscribe for Updates\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 GROWER INSIGHTS
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Header:
\f1\b0 \'a0The Data Shed\

\f0\b Subhead:
\f1\b0 \'a0Arthur provides tools and transparent data to help you make smart decisions on the farm.\

\f0\b Tools & Features:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Bushel Balance:\'a0Decades of data to help you make\'a0profitable\'a0crop nutrientdecisions.\'a0
\f2\i [Link to Bushel Balance Page]
\f1\i0 \
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Trial Results:\'a0Explore data from local performance plots and research trials.\'a0
\f2\i [Link to\'a0Research Page w/ Embedded Newsroom Posts]
\f1\i0 \
\ls7\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Market Insights:\'a0Timely updates from our merchandising team.\'a0
\f2\i [Link to\'a0Grain\'a0Page w/ Embedded Newsroom Posts]
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CAREERS
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Header:
\f1\b0 \'a0Grow\'a0With\'a0Us\
[handwritten letter from CEO]\

\f0\b You spend a good part of your life working.
\f1\b0 \
So the work needs to matter. And the people ought to care.\
At Arthur, we don\'92t have fancy offices or flashy conferences.\
What we do have is a business built over four generations\
by people who show up, take ownership, and take pride in what they do.\
We serve farmers. We move grain.\
We build real systems, launch new ventures,\
and support each other when the job\'92s tough.\
The work is meaningful because the outcomes are real.\
We don\'92t care much about where you went to school\
or what your last title was.\
If you\'92re good at what you do\'97and willing to\'a0give a damn\'97\
you\'92ll fit right in.\
Let\'92s get to work,\

\f0\b \'97James
\f1\b0 \

\f0\b Sections:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f2\i \cf0 NOTE: Borrow content from Harvest site\'a0in creative brief\'a0for now; we\'92ll provide the real copy asap.
\f1\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 CTA:
\f1\b0 \'a0View Job Openings\'a0[Link to\'a0iSolved]\

\f0\b CONTACT US
\f1\b0 \
Header:\'a0Connect\'a0With\'a0Arthur\

\f0\b Looking to Sell Grain?
\f1\b0 \'a0
\f0\b Find your location here
\f1\b0 , then scroll to the bottom of that page to find all the contacts for that location.\'a0[Link to locations page]\
[General Contact Form]\

\f0\b LOCATIONS
\f1\b0 \
Header:\'a0Find Your Arthur Location\
Modules:\'a0Interactive map + sortable directory\
Content:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arthurcompanies.com/locations/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://arthurcompanies.com/locations/}}\

\f0\b LEADERSHIP TEAM
\f1\b0 \
Header:\'a0Our Team\
Borrow names/placeholders from\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arthurcompanies.com/about-us/leadership/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 here}}\'a0and we\'92ll get bios shortly.\
}